Yes very much Hello everybody This time, I think I want to introduce arms bug
I always change the atmosphere this time
At first I put out something and introduce it as one piece and would like to welcome him
I was however so this poker if First touch
void I pattern Benkei questions please do not is the Yeah You're middle-buying
But he is a good It is one article of the mountain unexpected
I still smell afterward I just bought
Then I want to suck the breasts of man literature
First of all
Does not it 's auto focus because it took in what different cormorants little app
I have a ship on the ship but please send
I wear a pen here
High polymer 100 2
Chassis is d all 5 b
Hmm
Of 5
Anstein's
It is the main six of Akane Tenzan 1 time black
Constellation
It is a cover yes
This is
It is a ruler with green aluminum
It is elementary also Naa Well machine countries is here and
This is
It's cool because today's and today 's instruments are no longer a new teaching material
Used when saying
So here you can zebra just fit
Well it is here here
There is a track record
I know always I'm two bends or Nyan'
So fit today for today
It is said that you can draw a line without polys fit of Jas 1 life
There is a tendency that a line can be drawn
Here Tsu made Come on science from the gel zeebra's
It is black of Tengu
5 ball pen is using this
The color pen is high tech c colleto
Sea
Bonnie but the contents are style fit
Because I do not like ink of high tech c colleto so much
I know that the song has something to feel like hitting it
I is the matter
Day here
Ito and prefectural police pencils are not
n
Here I'd thought that Na or not this black first slip
Put one time
It is not luxury娼 because it was binding when I turn off I made or mon off Well
Hyotton attention making it Naa and Ito shop
After all the head and I do not have to be fashionable
So here
It's hard to see
Is a vote mold of Mitsubishi here I am wooden shear pin
It was going to fit this pencil case
Put in
The grip station which this corresponds type yes
Well, let's dive in the tree now 6
As this grip had a little sense of transparency
Because there was a feeling of helping, I bought it
Here is whether another jail fill
It is a sharpen
The treatment will go down pretty much
I think from the village Mie and that only black and red are cooked, a simple sense of sound is one cool
Ne this is
Pit pro
It is a pick
Hmm
Say not break the line destination if there is a mechanism that Yappa pull out the double
If I'd feel would drop to the middle of Yappa wrote absolutely
Beneath meet once there is a break that you do in order that does not finish
In I was healed as much as possible Well, but please take a you care because there is such a thing
Well selling here is one time of the end
There Another one is is the ice to sell
The excursion destinations were purchased major literary master
There is a pencil about 4
One eye of Do Ha
Round
It is Suma scene
And I was able to purchase
I thought it would be better to buy the Amazon, but my friend has one
And it passed in my head is black way so embarrassed that I wonder if I have a pet was a little repair
If you say
I bought because it was told Yo say
In Chira is
What's Prachi
Pooh of platinum pro u vinegar 0 points
Grip It is a little sharp struggle
It is thin here from here grip is the feeling that look thick
Grip It is a nice little because I is a favorite chop that a thick Shop minute
A little bit prosecco is good
This is pin 300 a pin 5
It's silver here, so I have a feeling of being 300 a little
Yes
There is also a feeling that it is too light and it is difficult to write for a while
In here
It is a loop 0 point double loop of a good ring
I think that the grip here is a rubber out and it's recommended here
Yes
Because rotring grew up quite
Entered I wonder if this is the feel 800 like the evil
Already
I can not post videos like that because I am a student student
When you can post a video
Please see the surely Thank you for watching this time
To him the next time death